In this lesson what we're going to tackle is moving the shop information that we're displaying in our
shop page into its own reducer.
The same way that we just did with our directory so we want to move our shop.data.js into
its own reducer rather than keep it on our shop page component.
The way that we have in its internal state right now some of you might be wondering in a traditional
application how is this data stored especially if this list of items grows beyond the maximum of 10 per
category that we have.
While a lot of times it's actually stored on a backend, and on a backend it's easier for them to put in
the new items and then have all the respective frontend applications like a web application or a mobile
application
pull in the data from the back end,
so that it's always consistent versus keeping this data on the frontend.
However, we won't be doing that in this lesson.
We would do that in a future lesson on firebase in a more advanced firebase section,
just so you're familiar with the actual pattern of what it's like to pull that information into your
shop component.
But right now there's a lot that we can still get out of keeping it on our frontend because there's
a lot of additional redux things that we can take advantage of that we'll cover in the next lesson.
But in this lesson simply the practice of putting our shop data inside of a reducer is still valuable
and I know we just did it with our directory.
But as I mentioned practice makes perfect and there's gonna be a couple of things that we're gonna do
that will get really interesting with the way that we're doing our shop data right now so let's actually
start. The first thing we need to do is add a new shop redux folder and inside we need our shop.reducer.js
and also our shop.selectors.js
we're also going to bring our shop data down from our component folder into our redux folder
and then in our reducer we're going to use it.
So when I declare our initial state
and here we're gonna say collections point to our shop.data
So we have to import that in
and we'll say collections points to that array
and now for our actual reducer function, we're gonna say shop reducer equals a function that gets
the state which by default is initial state as well as an action and then we'll write our usual switch
statement.
But just like we do with our directory because there's no modifications we only have our default which
returns the state and then we'll export out our shop reducer and pull it into our root reducer.
So let's import in our shop reducer
and let's say shop points to shop reducer inside of our root reducer.
So now that we have our root reducer set up with our shop reducer we need to actually pull it into
our shop component. So inside of our shop component we know that we don't need shop data anymore and
we don't need the constructor so we can actually switch our class component over to a functional component.
And we know we'll be passing collections in
and let's just fix up our brackets here
and then we need to actually connect this new component now to our redux, but before we do that
we also know that we need our selectors. So let's go to our new shop.selectors file and let's bring
in our create selector
from reselect, and then first we'll declare our initial input selector which is our select shop; which
gets the state and returned state.shop and then we'll have our select shop items
which will be equal to create selector taking our select shop
and then with a function of shop.shopItems let's go back to our shop component and pull in both
the selector as well as connect
redux
shop.selectors
We also need both connect and our create structured selector.
So we need connect from react-redux
and createStructuredSelector from reselect
and now in our const mapStateToProps it will be createStructuredSelector with collections going
to our selectShopItems
actually this name is wrong it's supposed to be selectCollections.
I just realized that we actually named that incorrectly.
So inside our shop selectors let's just fix up that naming and then change our component to be the right
one point to the right thing and then connect our mapStatesToProps in
and now let's see our shop component reselect is spelled wrong.
reselect
Everything works.
So as you saw, it's a lot at! It's so many files right, with react and Redux.
It's always just getting used to making all the right files.
Calling in the right libraries setting up the right code.
It's definitely something that needs a lot of practice.
And the more practice we have the better.
But as you saw even I stumble, just keeping track mentally of all the things, the pieces, and
the moving parts that we need.
It's always difficult once you do the first setup but after that we saw before how easy it was just
to add new actions.
pull in state
Once all of our correct components are connected to the state it's just the initial setup is a little
lengthier.
So now that we have our shop component and we have a connected let's start actually building our category
pages because now we're able to leverage the collections that we've got stored on our redux state.